# FitNotes Data Visualizer

This script will take in a CSV file generated by the FitNotes mobile workout tracking app and output charts and graphs to guide the user to a more data driven workout.

## Requirements

The main libraries used in this script are matplotlib and numpy. If these libraries are already installed on your machine, feel free to continue to the next section. If you would like to use a virtual environment to store these libraries, run one of the following commands: `python -m venv .venv` on Windows or `python3 -m venv .venv` on Mac or Linux where `.venv` is the name of the virtual environment. Then, to install the required libraries for this script, run one of the following commands: `pip install -r requirements.txt` on Windows or `pip3 install -r requirements.txt` on Mac or Linux.  

## Using This Script

The script runs on the command line. To use the script, clone this GitHub repo to your local machine, navigate to the directory where the script is located, and run one of the following commands: `python fitnotes_data_viz.py` on Windows or `python3 fitnotes_data_viz.py` on Mac or Linux.

## Potential Errors/Bugs

The following is a list of problems that were run into during testing of this script, and how to resolve them.

### Linux

- If after running `python3 fitnotes_data_viz.py` you recieve the following error, `UserWarning: Matplotlib is currently using agg, which is a non-GUI backend, so cannot show the figure.` it means you need to install tkinter. Run this command in the terminal to install tkinter: `sudo apt-get install python3-tk`

### Monitor/Display Size

- The graph outputs were designed for a laptop display. If you are viewing the graphs, specifically either of the bar graphs, on a monitor larger than 17 inches then the annotations may appear a bit shifted to the left. This is due to the way matplotlib calculates the xy coordinates of the annotations. The script will work just fine on larger monitors/displays, but the appearance may be a little off.

## Features List

The following features have been implemented to meet the requirements outlined in the Python Project Requirements document:
1. Read data from an external CSV file
2. Created a list and used it in the program
3. Created 3 unit tests for the application
4. Used matplotlib to visualize data in a graph
5. Implemented a master loop that user can choose options from or choose to exit program